[FOOTSTEPS]
[DOOR OPENS]
CLAIRE, IT'S ME.
DON'T BE AFRAID.
IF SOMETHING BAD COMES
THIS WAY, I'LL PROTECT YOU.
I'LL NEVER LET ANYTHING
HURT YOU, I PROMISE.
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
[SQUAWK]
I SAY WE GO BACK NOW.
OK, GUYS? GUYS?
YOU'RE THE ONE
WHO WANTED TO EXPLORE.
LEO, ARE YOU SCARED?
I'M NOT SCARED AT ALL!
AAH!
NO, I WAS JUST THINKING
THAT LUNA MIGHT BE SCARED,
THAT'S ALL.
ACTUALLY,
I'M FINE.
SUPER! THEN I'M FINE,
AS WELL!
MM-HMM.
JUST
STAY CLOSE.
[GROANING]
SOMETHING'S OVER THERE.
I CAN FEEL IT.
[CHATTERING]
LUNA, PLEASE LISTEN.
I SENSE A POWERFUL SPIRIT
UP AHEAD.
YOU MUST TURN BACK.
AAH! AARGH!
LUNA!
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN
ONLY IF I LOSE? ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
WICKED SPIRITS?
YEAH. I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU'VE NEVER HEARD
THE STORY, YUSEI.
HOW PEOPLE GO
FOR A HIKE
IN THE FOREST
AND THEN JUST VANISH!
SUPPOSEDLY THE FIRST
TO DISAPPEAR
WERE TWO YOUNG KIDS!
SPIRITS SNATCHED 'EM
RIGHT FROM THEIR HOUSE.
AREN'T YOU GETTING
A LITTLE OLD
FOR GHOST STORIES, CROW?
[GARBLED]
I'M TELLING YOU,
IT'S TRUE!
AND EVER SINCE
THAT FATEFUL DAY,
ANYONE WHO HAPPENS
TO WANDER TOO DEEP
IN THE FOREST
GETS SNATCHED, TOO!
ANYWAY, I OUGHTA
GET GOIN', YUSEI,
I'M LATE FOR WORK!
LATER!
UH...HUH?
WHOA, WHERE AM I?
LEO?! DEXTER!
ANYONE?
[VOICES GROWLING]
IS--IS THERE SOMEBODY OUT THERE?
AAH!
[VOICE GROANING]
HELP!
OH!
LEO, DEXTER!
SOMEONE, PLEASE HELP ME!
HUH?
ARE YOU OKAY?
NO NEED
TO BE SCARED.
WHO ARE YOU?
MY NAME'S HALEY.
AND YOURS?
LUNA. HI.
NICE TO MEET YOU,
LUNA.
THIS IS A DANGEROUS
PLACE TO BE ALONE.
THIS ENTIRE FOREST IS
FULL OF WICKED SPIRITS!
SPIRITS?
YEAH. COME WITH ME.
MY HOUSE IS JUST A WAYS
PAST THE LAKE.
YOU CAN MEET
MY LITTLE SISTER, CLAIRE.
PLUS YOU'LL BE SAFE.
UH, I GUESS
THAT WOULD BE OKAY
[THUNDER]
Dexter: YUSEI!
HUH?
YUSEI!
WHAT'S GOING ON,
DEXTER?
IS EVERYTHING
ALL RIGHT?
UH, IT'S LUNA!
WE LOST HER
IN THE FOREST!
WHAT?
LEO WENT LOOKING FOR HER,
AND NOW HE'S GONE!
WAIT. IS THIS
THE FOREST WITH
THE SPIRITS?!
UH...
[LEO PANTING]
LUNA! LUNA!
LUNA!
[GROWLING]
IS SOMEONE THERE?
HANG TOUGH, LEO.
YOU CAN'T START GETTING SCARED.
YOU HAVE TO FIND LUNA!
HERE WE ARE!
SO LEMME
GET THIS STRAIGHT.
YOU CAN KEEP AWAY THE WICKED
SPIRITS WITH YOUR DECK?
YES. I'VE BEEN DOING IT
FOR A WHILE NOW, TOO!
WOW, THAT'S COOL!
I GUESS I DON'T HAVE
ANY REASON TO BE SCARED
WITH YOU AROUND
TO PROTECT ME!
GOT THAT RIGHT, LUNA.
I'LL PROTECT YOU
NO MATTER WHAT IT TAKES,
JUST LIKE HOW I'VE BEEN
PROTECTING MY SIS!
COME ON,
I'LL INTRODUCE YOU.
CLAIRE?
[KNOCKS ON DOOR]
CLAIRE, I HAVE SOMEONE
I'D LIKE YOU TO MEET.
HI, CLAIRE!
HEY, CLAIRE,
WANT TO SAY HI BACK?
MAYBE SHE'S SLEEPING?
PROBABLY.
SHE SLEEPS A LOT
EVER SINCE WE HAD
THIS REALLY CLOSE CALL
WITH THE WICKED SPIRITS
A WHILE BACK.
ACTUALLY, WHEN WAS IT?
ALL THE DAYS SEEM
TO BLEND TOGETHER
SINCE THEN.
SO WHAT IS IT
THESE SPIRITS WANT?
WHY ARE THEY
AFTER US?
DO YOU HAVE
ANY IDEA?
ALL I KNOW IS THAT
THIS FOREST IS HAUNTED.
AND THE SPIRITS
THAT HAUNT IT WON'T STOP
UNTIL THEY FIND
TWO HUMANS.
BUT I DON'T KNOW WHY.
HUH? HUH!
WHAT'S WRONG,
HALEY?
SOMETHING'S COMING.
AND I THINK
IT'S YOU KNOW WHO!
[GASP]
STAY HERE
UNTIL I COME BACK.
IT'S NOT SAFE FOR YOU
TO LEAVE THIS ROOM.
WAIT! I CAN--
OH!
WHOA!
I WONDER
IF LUNA'S IN THERE?
GUESS I SHOULD
KNOCK.
[GRUNTING]
OR MAYBE NOT.
YOU'RE NOT WELCOME HERE,
YOU FOUL WICKED SPIRIT!
NOW PREPARE TO DO BATTLE!
WAIT.
DID YOU SAY SPIRIT?
HUH?
LEO?
BUT I'M NOT
A SPIRIT.
Luna: LEO!
[TAPPING WINDOW]
LUNA?!
I SAID,
YOU'RE NOT WELCOME HERE.
LISTEN UP!
THAT'S MY SISTER
YOU GOT IN THERE,
BUSTER!
LET HER GO OR ELSE!
FINE, THEN.
I'LL JUST HAVE TO
DUEL MY WAY IN THERE!
CLAIRE, YOUR BROTHER,
HE'S--
[GASP]
SHE'S A DOLL?
DUEL!
[GASP]
DON'T WORRY, LUNA,
I'LL GET YOU
OUTTA THERE!
LEO.
HERE I GO.
I DRAW!
AND FOR MY FIRST MOVE,
I ACTIVATE THE SPELL CARD
CIRCLE OF LIFE!
NOW, FOR THE REST
OF THE DUEL,
DURING EACH OF OUR TURNS,
WE CAN'T PLAY SPELLS
UNLESS WE SEND
A SPELL CARD IN OUR HAND
TO THE GRAVEYARD!
WE WHAT?!
SO IN ORDER TO
PLAY A SPELL NOW,
I'M GOING TO SEND
MIRROR PRISON
TO MY GRAVE.
AND NOW I'M ALLOWED
TO ACTIVATE THIS CARD:
CIRCLE OF TERROR!
[GASP]
DUE TO THIS,
DURING EACH OF OUR TURNS,
WE CAN'T SUMMON A MONSTER
WITHOUT SENDING
A MONSTER CARD IN OUR HAND
TO THE GRAVE FIRST.
WHOA! SEEMS LIKE
THESE CIRCLES
ARE HAVING SOME EFFECT
ON THAT HOUSE, TOO!
THE HOUSE LUNA'S INSIDE!
[THINKING]
I GOTTA DO SOMETHING,
BUT TO DO ANYTHING,
IT SOUNDS LIKE
I'M GONNA HAVE TO
GET RID OF A CARD
IN MY DECK FIRST!
HMM. NOW THEN,
FOR MY NEXT MOVE,
I SEND MY ZOMBIE-TYPE
SLEEPY BEAUTY TO THE GRAVE,
AND BECAUSE I DID,
I CAN NOW DECREASE
THE LEVEL OF ANY
ZOMBIE-TYPE MONSTERS
IN MY HAND BY ONE!
NOW MY LEVEL 5 HOLLOW SPIRIT
BECOMES LEVEL 4,
AND I CAN SUMMON IT
WITHOUT SACRIFICING!
I CAN'T ATTACK
WITH HOLLOW SPIRIT,
BECAUSE
IT'S MY FIRST TURN,
BUT YOU STILL
HAVE TO DEAL WITH
HIS SPECIAL ABILITY!
AFTER ALL,
IT ACTIVATES
WHENEVER THERE'S
A ZOMBIE-TYPE MONSTER
IN MY GRAVE,
AND IT MEANS YOU TAKE
800 POINTS OF DAMAGE!
I END MY TURN.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
THAT DIDN'T FEEL LIKE
I LOST MY LIFE POINTS.
IT'S LIKE SOMETHING
DRAINED MY ENERGY.
[THINKING]
NO, I CAN'T LET IT
GET TO ME.
I HAVE TO WIN THIS DUEL.
I HAVE TO SAVE LUNA!
IT'S MY TURN! HERE GOES!
OH!
[THINKING]
I GOTTA GET THIS GUY
OUT ON THE FIELD.
I'LL SEND
MORPHTRONIC DATATRON
TO THE GRAVEYARD
TO SUMMON--
OH, BY THE WAY,
SINCE THE CARD
I SENT TO THE GRAVE
ON MY TURN
WAS MIRROR PRISON,
THE MONSTER YOU SUMMON NOW
ISN'T ALLOWED TO ATTACK
UNLESS IT'S THE SAME TYPE
OF MONSTER AS THE ONE
YOU SACRIFICE.
THAT IS, OF COURSE,
IF THE MONSTER
IS A MACHINE OR ZOMBIE-TYPE.
GOOD, BECAUSE IT
JUST SO HAPPENS
THAT THE MONSTER
I'M SUMMONING
IS A MACHINE!
COME ON OUT,
MORPHTRONIC SCOPEN!
YOU HAVE A MACHINE DECK?!
I SURE DO!
AND IT'S ABOUT TO GO
INTO HIGH GEAR ON YOU
'CAUSE DUE TO SCOPEN'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
I CAN NOW SUMMON
THE LEVEL 4 MORPHTRONIC
VIDEON FROM MY HAND!
AND NOW I'LL TUNE
MORPHTRONIC VIDEON
WITH MORPHTRONIC SCOPEN
TO SYNCHRO SUMMON
A MONSTER WITH SOME
MAJOR MOTOR--
A BEAST BUILT OUT OF
PURE BRAWN!
HERE HE IS!
THE POWER TOOL DRAGON!
WOW. THAT'S IMPRESSIVE.
BUT IT WON'T BE ENOUGH
TO GET PAST ME,
YOU FOUL SPIRIT
OF THE DARK!
I'M NOT
SOME FOUL SPIRIT!
AND MY DRAGON
WILL GET PAST YOU!
'CAUSE HIS ABILITY
LETS ME ADD ONE
RANDOM EQUIP SPELL
TO MY HAND!
NEXT I'LL SEND
MORPHTRONIC CORD
TO MY GRAVEYARD
AND USE THE EQUIP SPELL
I JUST DREW!
BREAK! DRAW! WITH
MY POWER TOOL DRAGON!
HUH?
AAH!
[ENGINE ROARING]
YOU'RE TOUGH TO FIND.
YUSEI!
WHAT'S THIS,
ANOTHER WICKED SPIRIT?
WHAT'S GOING ON, LEO?
DON'T WORRY
ABOUT ME, YUSEI.
YOU NEED TO HELP
LUNA.
THIS KID HAS HER
TRAPPED
IN THAT HOUSE!
TRAPPED?!
ALL THAT MATTERS IS
SHE'S SAFE FROM YOU TWO!
HMM!
US?
HELLO!
I'M HER BROTHER,
AND HE'S HER FRIEND!
NOW, GO,
POWER TOOL DRAGON,
AND TAKE DOWN
THAT HOLLOW SPIRIT!
[GROANING]
OH! AAH!
LUNA!
YUSEI?!
AND NOW I ACTIVATE
THE EFFECT OF
BREAK! DRAW!
SINCE POWER TOOL DRAGON
DESTROYED YOUR MONSTER,
I GET TO DRAW ONE CARD!
THAT WAS FOOLISH!
I WARNED YOU NOT TO
ENTER THE HOUSE,
BUT YOU DIDN'T LISTEN!
NOW YOU WILL PAY!
[GROWL]
WHOA!
LEO?
WHAT'S THIS?
TWO CHILDREN.
JUST LIKE IN CROW'S STORY.
THEY WERE LIVING IN
A HOUSE IN THE FOREST
UNTIL ONE DAY THE WICKED SPIRITS
CAME AND SNATCHED THEM!
THEY WERE THE FIRST
TO DISAPPEAR.
ONLY HOW CAN THEY HAVE
DISAPPEARED
IF THEY'RE STILL HERE?
OR AT LEAST,
IF ONE OF THEM IS.
IT WOULD BE IMPOSSIBLE,
UNLESS...
[GRUNTING]
THIS KID'S REALLY
STARTING TO GIVE ME
THE CREEPS!
WELL, THEN, THAT'S
ALL THE MORE REASON
FOR ME TO STOP HIM.
I WON'T LET HIM
OR HIS WEIRD POWERS
HURT LUNA!
YOU SHOULD BE MORE WORRIED
ABOUT YOURSELF RIGHT NOW
BECAUSE WHEN HOLLOW SPIRIT
IS SENT TO THE GRAVE,
A NEW PORTAL OPENS
AND HOLLOW GHOST
IS RELEASED!
2,600 ATTACK POINTS?!
I'D HAVE BEEN BETTER OFF
KEEPING HOLLOW SPIRIT
AROUND!
[SIGH]
[THINKING]
CALM DOWN, LEO.
YOU JUST HAVE
TO REMEMBER WHAT'S
ON THE LINE HERE.
LEO!
Girl: I KNOW,
BUT WHAT CAN I DO?
HE'S JUST SO PROTECTIVE,
AND IT'S BEEN SO LONG.
OH, WELL. MAYBE THIS TIME,
IT WILL BE DIFFERENT.
NO WAY. ARE YOU...?
AFTER ALL,
HE WOULD LOVE YOU ALL
SO MUCH!
IT IS YOU.
YOU'RE CLAIRE.
BUT WHO IS IT
YOU'RE TALKING TO?
WHY, THE SPIRITS,
OF COURSE!
THEY'RE MY FRIENDS!
I'LL END MY TURN
WITH A FACEDOWN!
YOU SHOULD GIVE UP NOW,
WICKED SPIRIT.
I WON'T LET YOU
TAKE ME AND MY SISTER!
I DON'T CARE
HOW MANY TIMES
YOU COME AND TRY!
[THINKING]
HE'S DONE THIS BEFORE?
IT'S MY TURN NOW!
HA!
AND FIRST,
I'LL HAVE MY HOLLOW GHOST
ATTACK YOUR
POWER TOOL DRAGON!
FINE!
YOU CAN ATTACK,
BUT YA CAN'T DESTROY!
'CAUSE BY SENDING
BREAK! DRAW!
TO THE GRAVE,
MY DRAGON SURVIVES
FOR ANOTHER TURN!
HE MAY,
BUT YOUR LIFE POINTS WON'T!
I PLAY MY GHOST'S ABILITY!
WHEN A CARD
IS SENT TO THE GRAVE,
YOU TAKE 600 POINTS
OF DAMAGE!
UNH!
THEN, DUE TO CIRCLES OF LIFE
AND TERROR,
I SEND TWO MORE CARDS
TO THE GRAVE:
A SPELL AND A MONSTER.
AND HOLLOW GHOST'S
ABILITY ACTIVATES AGAIN,
GIVING YOU
1,200 POINTS OF DAMAGE!
AAH!
YOU'RE FINISHED, SPIRIT!
SAVE ME, PLEASE.
THOSE VOICES--
THEY'RE COMING
FROM IN HERE.
HELP ME.
LET ME OUT OF HERE!
I'M TRAPPED.
OH, MAN!
THESE MUST BE THE VICTIMS
OF THE WICKED SPIRITS,
BUT THAT MEANS THAT...
YOUR TURN NOW,
IF YOU DARE.
[GASPING]
MAN, SOMEHOW
I GOTTA FIND A WAY
TO GET RID OF
THAT HOLLOW SPIRIT.
EVERY TURN,
HE'S CRUSHING ME!
BUT THIS ISN'T ABOUT ME.
IT'S ABOUT LUNA!
[THINKING]
WHICH IS WHY ONE WAY
OR ANOTHER,
I'M GONNA WIN THIS DUEL!
HERE GOES! I DRAW!
YES!
IF IT'S THE POWER
OF THESE CIRCLES
THAT ARE IMPRISONING
LUNA...
HOPE YOU'RE READY, PAL!
I ACTIVATE
THE TRAP MORPHTRONIC
IMPACT RETURN!
Duel Runner Computer:
MORPHTRONIC IMPACT RETURN
IS A TRAP CARD
THAT LETS YOU RETURN
UP TO TWO SPELL AND TRAP CARDS
ON YOUR OPPONENTS' FIELD
TO THEIR HAND.
NOW, BY RETURNING
ONE MORPHTRONIC
IN MY HAND TO THE DECK,
YOUR CIRCLES GO BYE-BYE!
HUH? WHAT?
LUNA!
YUSEI!
THANK GOODNESS!
ARE YOU OK?
YEAH, BUT I'M NOT
SO SURE THAT SHE IS.
WHAT? YOU GUYS WANT
TO PLAY A GAME?
HIDE AND SEEK? OK!
I'LL COUNT TO 10.
1, 2...
OH. FORGOT YOU WERE THERE.
HEY WHAT'S THAT?
HUH?
A CARD?!
DO YOU KNOW
WHAT THIS MEANS?!
BAD MOVE!
SINCE YOU SENT MY CIRCLES
TO THE GRAVE,
YOU'LL NOW FEEL THE WRATH
OF MY HOLLOW GHOST'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
[GROANING]
I PLAY
MY DRAGON'S ABILITY!
NOW ONE
RANDOM EQUIP SPELL
IN MY DECK
IS ADDED TO MY HAND.
OH, PLEASE, PLEASE,
BE SOMETHING THAT
CAN HELP LUNA!
HUH? YEAH!
I EQUIP POWER PICKAXE
TO MY DRAGON.
NOW I CAN REMOVE
A MONSTER WHOSE LEVEL
IS LESS THAN
MY POWER TOOL DRAGON'S
FROM YOUR GRAVEYARD
AND FROM PLAY!
SO I REMOVE HOLLOW SPIRIT!
AND SINCE HOLLOW SPIRIT
IS NOW GONE,
SO ARE HOLLOW GHOST'S
ATTACK POINTS!
[GASP]
AND NOW POWER TOOL
DRAGON'S ATTACK POINTS
INCREASE
BY HALF
THE ATTACK POINTS
OF THE MONSTER
THAT WAS REMOVED
FROM PLAY!
ALL RIGHT!
NOW, POWER TOOL DRAGON,
ATTACK HOLLOW GHOST!
SUPER-CHARGED SLICE!
AAH!
OH, NO!
I WASN'T STRONG ENOUGH
TO PROTECT CLAIRE
FROM THE WICKED SPIRITS.
Luna: THEY'RE NOT WICKED!
HUH?
SIS!
LEO!
Claire: HALEY!
Haley: CLAIRE!
WHAT DOES SHE MEAN,
THE SPIRITS AREN'T WICKED?
THEY KEEP COMING FOR US,
TRYING TO TAKE US
SO THEY CAN MAKE US
LIKE THEM!
BROTHER,
THEY MADE US LIKE THEM
A LONG TIME AGO.
THE ONLY DIFFERENCE
IS THAT I REALIZED IT
AND YOU DIDN'T.
THEN WHO ARE THEY?!
LEO!
LUNA,
ARE YOU OK?
YEAH! YOU SAVED ME.
OF COURSE!
I'M SO CONFUSED.
HALEY, YOU'VE BEEN
SO FOCUSED
ON PROTECTING ME,
YOU HAVEN'T BEEN ABLE
TO ACCEPT REALITY.
YOU'VE BEEN IN LIMBO
DO YOU UNDERSTAND?
I THINK, BUT WHY
DID THE SPIRITS TAKE US?!
'CAUSE THEY WANTED
TWO FUN KIDS
TO PLAY WITH!
LUNA, LEO,
IS THERE ANY WAY
THE TWO OF YOU WILL EVER
BE ABLE TO FORGIVE ME?
OF COURSE!
EVERYTHING YOU DID,
YOU DID BECAUSE
YOU WERE TRYING TO KEEP
YOUR KID SISTER SAFE,
RIGHT?
BUT WHEN YOU STARTED
TO LOSE, THIS APPEARED.
IT'S WHAT
MADE IT POSSIBLE
FOR YOUR SISTER
TO APPEAR
AND YOU TO HAVE CLOSURE.
NOW, THEN, READY?
YES.
HEY, THANKS
FOR EVERYTHING.
NO PROB.
YOU'RE ONE
GREAT DUELIST!
Leo: WHOA!
WHERE DID THEY GO?
WHERE'S THE HOUSE
GOING?!
AND WHO ARE
THESE PEOPLE?
PEOPLE THAT HALEY
BEAT IN DUELS.
YOU SEE,
THE STORIES WERE TRUE,
THERE WAS A WICKED SPIRIT,
BUT WICKED ONLY
BECAUSE HE DIDN'T
KNOW BETTER.
HALEY WAS THE ONE
DOING ALL THE SNATCHING.
ALL THE REAL FOREST
SPIRITS WANTED
WERE TWO KIDS
TO PLAY WITH.
THEY DIDN'T MEAN
ANY HARM WHATSOEVER.
SO THEN HALEY
AND CLAIRE CAN COME BACK
TO THIS WORLD
ANYTIME THEY WANT TO?
THEY'RE NOT STUCK
IN SOME SUPER SCARY
SPIRIT WORLD
FROM HERE ON OUT?
THAT'S RIGHT!
Yusei: HEY, WHO KNOWS,
MAYBE THEY'LL INVITE US UP
TO COME PLAY SOMETIME!
Leo: YEAH, THAT
WOULD BE AWESOME!
Luna: WELL, WELL,
LOOKS WHO'S FINALLY
NOT AFRAID ANYMORE.
AFRAID? I WAS
NEVER AFRAID!
[CAT MEOWS]
HEY, WHAT WAS THAT?